Update 04.md (#342)
kentcdodds/react-fundamentals: src/exercise/04.md

## Background

> Just like in regular JavaScript, you often want to share code using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like in regular JavaScript, when you want to reuse code, you write
```
